
go right into first poll, like 15 seconds after start

check-in on prework...
  questions, as zoom polls
  anonymous, but answer
  learning comes from answering

[skipped contract because was in intro slides, remove from intro, do here]

Evaluation rules are essential
  need rules when debugging
  the program isn't doing what it is supposed to
  so you need to work out what it actually is doing

  can use the stepper to check (but not in exams)

HtDF
  core of the course, will use 100s of times
  will learn a little more about it each time
  crawl, walk... run
  recipe pages (must read, this is the reference text)
  checklist (a reminder of the steps, not an understanding of them)

Present
  topple
    checklist on screen
    metadata (about the program, checkable, used by industry leaders)
    post dev markup for review



present / fast interactive
  checkbox-line
    use checklist

class
  tall?
    at fn-name, signature they won't know to use ? and boolean
    interrupt to talk about that (90 seconds)

    at end they won't have done enough boundary tests,
    talk about that, add tests
    submit to AG after tests, talk about validity, thoroughness and cooldown
    


poll questions:

(define FOO ...       60 seconds,  answer C


(+ (* 2 3) ....       30 seconds,  answer D


(if (< 2 1) ...       40 seconds,  answer E, if is a conditional expression

(and (> 2 1) ...      30 seconds,  answer C, and is also conditional expression


topple

recipe page
recipe checklist
run c-es against stub, show check-syntax

metadata is data about the program; checkable; design rule checking is growing     
  
HtDF function design for topple follows

types of data consumed -> type of single data produced

what is produced based on args; what not how

examples to help you figure out what function does

will also be tests, minimum 2, usually more

correct name, # of params, result type; used to check test formedness

RUN TESTS AGAINST STUB

where the template (backbone) of the function comes from

the template

complete, debugged function definition






checkbox-line

signature is types not roles

produce not return

(yes, size could have been a parameter)



For tall? elaborate on check-expects only, not remaining steps

after they work for 90-120 seconds or so
introduce rule that yes/no answer is ALWAYS Boolean
introduce rule that such functions have names that end in ?

10 20, 30 30, 40 10, 19 20, 30 29

numerical boundaries at, below, above



vary both height and width
